_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Fix bugs and prepare site for deployment
- Fix jekyll-archives plugin mismatch (jekyll-archives-v2 → jekyll-archives)
- Fix download-3rd-party.rb plugin to handle missing third_party_libraries config
- Fix jekyll-archives layout configuration (use 'archive' layout)
- Disable jekyll-imagemagick (ImageMagick not installed)
- Disable jekyll-jupyter-notebook (Jupyter not installed)
- Disable problematic posts with citation/bibliography issues
- Update about.md with professional CFD engineering profile
- Clear bibliography file to prevent encoding errors

Site now builds successfully without errors.

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: CFD Engineer | PhD in Aerospace Engineering

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>Cranfield University</p>
    <p>CFD & Thermal Optimization</p>

selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

I am a CFD Engineer with a PhD in Aerospace Engineering from Cranfield University. With over 10 years of experience, I specialize in delivering energy-efficient solutions through advanced computational fluid dynamics modeling.

My expertise includes:

- **Data Center Thermal Optimization** - Designing efficient cooling strategies for high-performance computing environments
- **HVAC Systems Analysis** - Optimizing heating, ventilation, and air conditioning systems for improved energy efficiency
- **Multiphysics Simulations** - Coupled thermal-fluid-structural analysis for complex engineering problems
- **Rotor Aerodynamics** - Advanced analysis of rotary wing systems and turbomachinery

I work with industry-leading CFD tools including OpenFOAM and ANSYS CFX to solve challenging fluid dynamics problems and deliver innovative solutions for thermal management and aerodynamic optimization.

I am open to CFD consulting projects and research collaborations in thermal optimization, HVAC systems, and multiphysics simulations.
